hey guys what's going on is the fan from
paul's pc gaming the guy with Arnold's
voice and today with a tower defense
game that just got released on the Play
Store little commander a world war two
TD and you guys know those kind of tower
defense games the principle is always
the same but this one year specifically
pretty cool it's very nicely done it's
not too difficult not too hard and so
let me show you guys a little bit
gameplay here I as you can see you got
your units on the bottom and I as you
collect money on the top left you can
add on to the units and when the wave
starts you always have the enemies
coming on the left side and once they
make it through all the way to the right
head you will lose one of your lives and
your lives are short on
right so here we go let's grab another
one as you click on them you can see
what their strengths are you should buy
a lot of air defense because as you go
along you have air strikes coming that
can actually damage your units and that
you can upgrade here you guys can see an
air strike and as you can see I have
pretty well prepared so they are not
going to make it through so here let's
do a little bit super fast forward this
is the first level here England and I'm
gonna I'm gonna zoom through this year
okay on DOM here we go and let me stop
this here right before the end so
hey guys can see the last wave
and I'd heavily upgraded my units
yes come on
you can do it all right here we go okay
our last one is an air strike here so I
hope I'm gonna make it come on come on
yes come on yes baby yes yes yes as you
go yo yo oh ok ok one made it through
but anyway so yeah that was the first
level and let's grab another one here
and it's cool that real quick enchanting
let's speed it up a little bit here and
here we go hey Sam a super before yer
hada
you're calling in an air strike that's
the b-52 and that you can see once you
use that air strike it takes about five
minutes to regenerate so I usually just
use that if you are seriously in trouble
we're almost at the end again of the
second level I'm just adding a heavy
cannon
and here we got the air strike again so
we're almost finished number 39 yes here
we go anyway I'm still on the guy with
the arnold voice i will be back see you
guys later